Rename Runtime Manager + update related terms (#6071)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/gateway-manager/kic.md

### View KIC entities

After your KIC deployment is connected to {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you can view the details for each data plane node in your KIC control planes. 

{:.note}
> **Note**: The KIC deployment in {{site.konnect_short_name}} is currently read-only. The configuration of the gateway data plane nodes is controlled by changes to resources in the Kubernetes API, and reflected here. For more information about how to manage these resources in KIC, see [Custom Resources](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/concepts/custom-resources/).

![KIC data plane node dashboard](/assets/images/docs/konnect/konnect-runtime-instance-kic.png)

> > **Figure 1:** This image shows a KIC data plane node dashboard. For each KIC data plane node, you can see details about the data plane node, analytics, and KIC status details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Figure 1:** This image shows a KIC data plane node dashboard. For each KIC data plane node, you can see details about an individual data plane node, analytics, and KIC status details.
```
